
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               130577240000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 112506                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                5043820                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   169905                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   417.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              312483618                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                    47012653                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      70997923                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.130577                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                130577240000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu00.Branches                          516014                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu00.committedInsts                  47012653                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                    70997923                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.dtb.rdAccesses                   4670726                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu00.dtb.rdMisses                        3443                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu00.dtb.wrAccesses                   2660117                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu00.dtb.wrMisses                      465539                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                   0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu00.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu00.itb.wrAccesses                  68437045                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu00.itb.wrMisses                         245                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction               1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.numCycles                      261154480                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles             261154479.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_reads            5766894                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_writes          12277706                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts       509923                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses             51670531                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                    51670531                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads          114325841                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes          48252936                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                      3301                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                 0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses            26160120                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                   26160120                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads          53080073                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes         19572478                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                   4670713                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                     7330818                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                  2660105                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass                3222      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntAlu                25380144     35.75%     35.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntMult                    149      0.00%     35.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntDiv                    2116      0.00%     35.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd                   335      0.00%     35.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     35.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt                    96      0.00%     35.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     35.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     35.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     35.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     35.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     35.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd                   1560      0.00%     35.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     35.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu                6817893      9.60%     45.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     45.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt                   2766      0.00%     45.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc               6555499      9.23%     54.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     54.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     54.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShift                  704      0.00%     54.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     54.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     54.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     54.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd           6029328      8.49%     63.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     63.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     63.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt           6815769      9.60%     72.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     72.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     72.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult         12058644     16.98%     89.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     89.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     89.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     89.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     89.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     89.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     89.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     89.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     89.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     89.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     89.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     89.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     89.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     89.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     89.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     89.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     89.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                4398974      6.20%     95.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite               2651935      3.74%     99.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemRead            271739      0.38%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemWrite             8170      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::total                 70999043                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.workload.numSyscalls                  83                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu01.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu01.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu01.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu01.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu01.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu01.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu02.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu02.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu02.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu02.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu02.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu02.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu03.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu03.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu03.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu03.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu03.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu03.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu04.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu04.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu04.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu04.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu04.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu04.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu05.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu05.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu05.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu05.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu05.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu05.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu06.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu06.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu06.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu06.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu06.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu06.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu07.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu07.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu07.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu07.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu07.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu07.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu08.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu08.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu08.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu08.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu08.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu08.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu09.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu09.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu09.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu09.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu09.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu09.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu10.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu10.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu10.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu10.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu10.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu10.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu11.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu11.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu11.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu11.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu11.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu11.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu12.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu12.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu12.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu12.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu12.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu12.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu13.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu13.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu13.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu13.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu13.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu13.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu14.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu14.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu14.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu14.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu14.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu14.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu14.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu15.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu15.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu15.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu15.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu15.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu15.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu15.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.ruby.Directory.incomplete_times_seqr       938721                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean           94                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::gmean           94                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev          nan                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev          nan                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev          nan                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev          nan                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       938722                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean     0.000100                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.097020                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      938721    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       938722                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |       59649      6.35%      6.35% |       56603      6.03%     12.38% |       56087      5.97%     18.36% |       56599      6.03%     24.39% |       60860      6.48%     30.87% |       57415      6.12%     36.99% |       57759      6.15%     43.14% |       58190      6.20%     49.34% |       59045      6.29%     55.63% |       60544      6.45%     62.08% |       61918      6.60%     68.68% |       62386      6.65%     75.32% |       56635      6.03%     81.35% |       58109      6.19%     87.54% |       58155      6.20%     93.74% |       58768      6.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total       938722                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |       59649      6.35%      6.35% |       56603      6.03%     12.38% |       56087      5.97%     18.36% |       56599      6.03%     24.39% |       60860      6.48%     30.87% |       57415      6.12%     36.99% |       57759      6.15%     43.14% |       58190      6.20%     49.34% |       59045      6.29%     55.63% |       60544      6.45%     62.08% |       61918      6.60%     68.68% |       62386      6.65%     75.32% |       56635      6.03%     81.35% |       58109      6.19%     87.54% |       58155      6.20%     93.74% |       58768      6.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total       938722                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       59649      6.35%      6.35% |       56603      6.03%     12.38% |       56087      5.97%     18.36% |       56599      6.03%     24.39% |       60860      6.48%     30.87% |       57415      6.12%     36.99% |       57759      6.15%     43.14% |       58190      6.20%     49.34% |       59045      6.29%     55.63% |       60544      6.45%     62.08% |       61918      6.60%     68.68% |       62386      6.65%     75.32% |       56635      6.03%     81.35% |       58109      6.19%     87.54% |       58155      6.20%     93.74% |       58768      6.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       938722                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |       59632      6.35%      6.35% |       56586      6.03%     12.38% |       56069      5.97%     18.36% |       56585      6.03%     24.39% |       60844      6.48%     30.87% |       57397      6.12%     36.99% |       57744      6.15%     43.14% |       58174      6.20%     49.34% |       59030      6.29%     55.63% |       60528      6.45%     62.08% |       61903      6.60%     68.68% |       62370      6.65%     75.32% |       56620      6.03%     81.35% |       58094      6.19%     87.54% |       58140      6.20%     93.74% |       58750      6.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total       938466                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       59632      6.35%      6.35% |       56586      6.03%     12.38% |       56069      5.97%     18.36% |       56585      6.03%     24.39% |       60844      6.48%     30.87% |       57397      6.12%     36.99% |       57744      6.15%     43.14% |       58174      6.20%     49.34% |       59030      6.29%     55.63% |       60528      6.45%     62.08% |       61903      6.60%     68.68% |       62370      6.65%     75.32% |       56620      6.03%     81.35% |       58094      6.19%     87.54% |       58140      6.20%     93.74% |       58750      6.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       938466                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       59632      6.35%      6.35% |       56586      6.03%     12.38% |       56069      5.97%     18.36% |       56585      6.03%     24.39% |       60844      6.48%     30.87% |       57397      6.12%     36.99% |       57744      6.15%     43.14% |       58174      6.20%     49.34% |       59030      6.29%     55.63% |       60528      6.45%     62.08% |       61903      6.60%     68.68% |       62370      6.65%     75.32% |       56620      6.03%     81.35% |       58094      6.19%     87.54% |       58140      6.20%     93.74% |       58750      6.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       938466                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       59649      6.35%      6.35% |       56603      6.03%     12.38% |       56087      5.97%     18.36% |       56599      6.03%     24.39% |       60860      6.48%     30.87% |       57415      6.12%     36.99% |       57759      6.15%     43.14% |       58190      6.20%     49.34% |       59045      6.29%     55.63% |       60544      6.45%     62.08% |       61918      6.60%     68.68% |       62386      6.65%     75.32% |       56635      6.03%     81.35% |       58109      6.19%     87.54% |       58155      6.20%     93.74% |       58768      6.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       938722                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |       59632      6.35%      6.35% |       56586      6.03%     12.38% |       56069      5.97%     18.36% |       56585      6.03%     24.39% |       60844      6.48%     30.87% |       57397      6.12%     36.99% |       57744      6.15%     43.14% |       58174      6.20%     49.34% |       59030      6.29%     55.63% |       60528      6.45%     62.08% |       61903      6.60%     68.68% |       62370      6.65%     75.32% |       56620      6.03%     81.35% |       58094      6.19%     87.54% |       58140      6.20%     93.74% |       58750      6.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total       938466                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        13077                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean     0.007188                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.822004                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       13076     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        13077                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     68423899                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |    68423899    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     68423899                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples     68436976                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     0.000001                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.011363                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |    68436975    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total     68436976                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        13077                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     0.007188                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.822004                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       13076     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        13077                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |      938722    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total       938722                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       13077    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        13077                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |      360669    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       360669                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |      564976    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       564976                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |      564976    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total       564976                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |      373746    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total       373746                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    68436976    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     68436976                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     3094138    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      3094138                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |    68423899    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total     68423899                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2733469    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2733469                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement |      938466    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement::total       938466                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     3670609    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      3670609                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |      938466    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total       938466                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement |      938466    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement::total       938466                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     4235585    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      4235585                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |      938466    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total       938466                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       360669                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      360669    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       360669                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2733469                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |     2733469    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      2733469                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples      3094138                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |     3094138    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total       3094138                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       360669                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      360669    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       360669                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples           56                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total           56                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples           56                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total           56                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples           56                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total           56                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples           56                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total           56                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        16137                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       16137    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        16137                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1560329                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |     1560329    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1560329                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1576466                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     1576466    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1576466                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        16137                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       16137    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        16137                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       548839                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      548839    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       548839                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2110168                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |     2110168    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      2110168                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples      2659007                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |     2659007    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total       2659007                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       548839                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      548839    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       548839                      
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                1877188                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 12.519915                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                11.777554                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 4.042539                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      177062      9.43%      9.43% |      581085     30.96%     40.39% |      702765     37.44%     77.82% |      357508     19.04%     96.87% |       58768      3.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  1877188                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples        938722                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        15.019565                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       14.667865                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        3.176824                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      177112     18.87%     18.87% |      404084     43.05%     61.91% |      298758     31.83%     93.74% |       58768      6.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total          938722                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        938466                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        10.019583                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean        9.456214                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        3.176810                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       59632      6.35%      6.35% |      117430     12.51%     18.87% |      172496     18.38%     37.25% |      231477     24.67%     61.91% |      178171     18.99%     80.90% |      120510     12.84%     93.74% |       58750      6.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          938466                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000228                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.974220                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000457                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 13898.279859                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000457                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.990550                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000228                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.990429                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000885                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.990431                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000217                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.976041                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000433                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 14895.023842                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000433                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.992675                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000217                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.992554                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000839                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.992556                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000237                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.972941                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000474                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 17891.763702                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000474                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.994609                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000237                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.994488                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000921                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.994490                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000239                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.932929                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000478                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 18892.832964                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000478                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.993860                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000239                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.993739                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000928                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.993741                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000217                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.967429                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000434                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 16896.648110                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000434                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.999786                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000217                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.999665                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000840                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.999667                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000222                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.976317                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000445                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 17896.859255                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000445                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.998943                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000223                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.998823                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000862                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.998824                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000223                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.975769                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000445                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 18898.691688                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000445                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.999596                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000223                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.999475                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000863                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.999477                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000225                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.974909                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000450                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 19897.138192                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000450                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.999140                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000225                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.999020                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000872                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.999022                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000215                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.971398                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000429                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 15895.668121                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000429                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.992455                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000215                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.992334                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000832                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.992336                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000217                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.970711                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000433                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 16895.873529                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000433                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.999361                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000217                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.999240                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000839                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.999242                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000233                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.926300                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000466                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 14895.077356                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000466                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.998564                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000233                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.998443                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000904                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.998445                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000220                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.939162                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000440                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 15893.062694                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000440                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.993286                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000220                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.993165                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000852                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.993167                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000221                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.969394                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000442                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 16893.882188                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000442                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.999971                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000221                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.999851                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000857                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.999853                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000223                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.969696                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000446                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 17892.704111                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000446                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.991528                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000223                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.991407                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000864                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.991409                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000226                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.973994                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000452                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 15890.945562                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000452                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.998754                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000226                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.998633                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000878                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.998635                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000232                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.973650                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000464                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 16890.666015                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000464                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.997764                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000232                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.997643                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000900                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.997645                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     74827977                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |    74827977    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     74827977                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses     75766699                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits     74827977                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses       938722                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.forwardToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.003594                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.forwardToCache.avg_stall_time  5982.365372                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.290123                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   500.069153                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.017969                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1498.098459                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.003595                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToCache.avg_stall_time  8506.867215                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples       75766699                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          0.000001                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         0.010799                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |    75766698    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total         75766699                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       938722                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     0.000100                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.097020                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |      938721    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       938722                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_latency    17.364523                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_network_latency    15.781259                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_queueing_latency     1.583264                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_vnet_latency |         nan                       |         nan                       |   20.685691                       |    9.019583                       |   11.249245                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_vqueue_latency |         nan                       |         nan                       |    2.166634                       |           1                       |           1                      
system.ruby.network.average_hops             3.009787                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_latency    22.018270                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_network_latency    20.268342                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_queueing_latency     1.749928                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_vnet_latency |         nan                       |         nan                       |   29.016770                       |    9.019583                       |   14.019565                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_vqueue_latency |         nan                       |         nan                       |    2.499855                       |           1                       |           1                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.216063                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    0.088704     41.05%     41.05% |    0.008537      3.95%     45.01% |    0.008983      4.16%     49.16% |    0.001798      0.83%     50.00% |    0.015308      7.08%     57.08% |    0.000898      0.42%     57.50% |    0.000898      0.42%     57.91% |    0.000898      0.42%     58.33% |    0.076559     35.43%     93.76% |    0.004493      2.08%     95.84% |    0.004493      2.08%     97.92% |    0.004493      2.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.216063                      
system.ruby.network.ext_in_link_utilization     11263128                      
system.ruby.network.ext_out_link_utilization     11263128                      
system.ruby.network.flit_network_latency |           0                       |           0                       |   116482200                       |     8464572                       |    52799569                      
system.ruby.network.flit_queueing_latency |           0                       |           0                       |    12200426                       |      938466                       |     4693610                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5631052     50.00%     50.00% |      938466      8.33%     58.33% |     4693610     41.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     11263128                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5631052     50.00%     50.00% |      938466      8.33%     58.33% |     4693610     41.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     11263128                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_utilization     33899616                      
system.ruby.network.packet_network_latency |           0                       |           0                       |    54469932                       |     8464572                       |    13160474                      
system.ruby.network.packet_queueing_latency |           0                       |           0                       |     4692698                       |      938466                       |      938722                      
system.ruby.network.packets_injected     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1877188     50.00%     50.00% |      938466     25.00%     75.00% |      938722     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.packets_injected::total      3754376                      
system.ruby.network.packets_received     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1877188     50.00%     50.00% |      938466     25.00%     75.00% |      938722     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.packets_received::total      3754376                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads     11263128                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes     11263128                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity     11263128                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_input_arbiter_activity     11281957                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_output_arbiter_activity     11263128                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      5229918                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      5229918                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      5229918                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_input_arbiter_activity      5238751                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_output_arbiter_activity      5229918                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3494621                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3494621                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3494621                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3503102                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_output_arbiter_activity      3494621                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      1754918                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      1754918                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      1754918                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_input_arbiter_activity      1754918                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_output_arbiter_activity      1754918                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      5317524                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      5317524                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      5317524                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_input_arbiter_activity      5345846                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_output_arbiter_activity      5317524                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      2096298                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      2096298                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      2096298                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_input_arbiter_activity      2105033                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_output_arbiter_activity      2096298                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1762430                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1762430                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1762430                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_input_arbiter_activity      1770810                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_output_arbiter_activity      1762430                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1424938                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1424938                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1424938                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_input_arbiter_activity      1424938                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_output_arbiter_activity      1424938                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      3547165                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      3547165                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      3547165                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_input_arbiter_activity      3558660                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_output_arbiter_activity      3547165                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      1820804                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      1820804                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      1820804                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_input_arbiter_activity      1831013                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_output_arbiter_activity      1820804                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      1466081                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      1466081                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      1466081                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_input_arbiter_activity      1476166                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_output_arbiter_activity      1466081                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      1101054                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      1101054                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      1101054                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_input_arbiter_activity      1101054                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_output_arbiter_activity      1101054                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      1729674                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      1729674                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      1729674                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_input_arbiter_activity      1738260                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_output_arbiter_activity      1729674                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      1398723                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      1398723                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      1398723                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_input_arbiter_activity      1407711                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_output_arbiter_activity      1398723                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      1050360                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      1050360                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      1050360                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_input_arbiter_activity      1058724                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_output_arbiter_activity      1050360                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       705108                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       705108                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       705108                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_input_arbiter_activity       705108                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_output_arbiter_activity       705108                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples     75766699                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000574                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    75766674    100.00%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total     75766699                      
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu14.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu14.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu15.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu15.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu10.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu10.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu11.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu11.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu12.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu12.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu13.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu13.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl14      3721920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::total          3721920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl14      3720960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::total       3720960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl14        58155                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::total             58155                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl14        58140                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::total            58140                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl14     28503589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::total            28503589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl14     28496237                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::total           28496237                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl14     56999826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::total           56999826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.sys_port_proxy.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.int_links19.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links19.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links18.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links18.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links15.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links15.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links14.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links14.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links17.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links17.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links16.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links16.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links11.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links11.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links10.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links10.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links13.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links13.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links12.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links12.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links9.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links9.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links9.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links9.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links8.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links8.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links8.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links8.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links7.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links7.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links7.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links7.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links6.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links6.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links6.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links6.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links5.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links5.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links5.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links5.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links4.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links4.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links4.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links4.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links2.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links2.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links2.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links2.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links1.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links1.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links1.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links1.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers12.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers13.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers14.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers15.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers9.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs8.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs9.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers8.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs10.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs11.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs12.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs13.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs14.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs15.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs16.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs17.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs18.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs19.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links9.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links9.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links8.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links8.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links1.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links1.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links0.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links0.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links3.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links3.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links2.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links2.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links5.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links5.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links4.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links4.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links7.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links7.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links6.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links6.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links46.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links46.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links47.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links47.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links44.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links44.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links45.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links45.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links42.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links42.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links43.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links43.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links40.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links40.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links41.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links41.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links39.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links39.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links38.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links38.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs30.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs31.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links33.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links33.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links32.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links32.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links31.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links31.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links30.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links30.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links37.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links37.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links36.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links36.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links35.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links35.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links34.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links34.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs29.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs28.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs21.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs20.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs23.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs22.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs25.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs24.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs27.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs26.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links28.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links28.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links29.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links29.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links20.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links20.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links21.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links21.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links22.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links22.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links23.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links23.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links24.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links24.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links25.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links25.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links26.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links26.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links27.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links27.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu8.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu8.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu9.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu9.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl10      3962752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::total          3962752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl10      3961792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::total       3961792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl10        61918                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::total             61918                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl10        61903                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::total            61903                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl10     30347953                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::total            30347953                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl10     30340601                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::total           30340601                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl10     60688555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::total           60688555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl11      3992704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::total          3992704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl11      3991680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::total       3991680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl11        62386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::total             62386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl11        62370                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::total            62370                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl11     30577335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::total            30577335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl11     30569493                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::total           30569493                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl11     61146828                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::total           61146828                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl12      3624640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::total          3624640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl12      3623680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::total       3623680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl12        56635                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::total             56635                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl12        56620                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::total            56620                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl12     27758589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::total            27758589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl12     27751238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::total           27751238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl12     55509827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::total           55509827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl13      3718976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::total          3718976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl13      3718016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::total       3718016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl13        58109                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::total             58109                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl13        58094                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::total            58094                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl13     28481043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::total            28481043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl13     28473691                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::total           28473691                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl13     56954734                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::total           56954734                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl15      3761152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::total          3761152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl15      3760000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::total       3760000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl15        58768                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::total             58768                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl15        58750                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::total            58750                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl15     28804040                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::total            28804040                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl15     28795217                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::total           28795217                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl15     57599257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::total           57599257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls8.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl8      3778880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls8.bytes_read::total           3778880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls8.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl8      3777920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls8.bytes_written::total        3777920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls8.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl8        59045                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls8.num_reads::total              59045                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls8.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl8        59030                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls8.num_writes::total             59030                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls8.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl8     28939806                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls8.bw_read::total             28939806                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls8.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl8     28932454                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls8.bw_write::total            28932454                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls8.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl8     57872260                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls8.bw_total::total            57872260                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls8.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls9.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl9      3874816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls9.bytes_read::total           3874816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls9.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl9      3873792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls9.bytes_written::total        3873792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls9.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl9        60544                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls9.num_reads::total              60544                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls9.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl9        60528                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls9.num_writes::total             60528                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls9.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl9     29674513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls9.bw_read::total             29674513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls9.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl9     29666671                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls9.bw_write::total            29666671                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls9.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl9     59341184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls9.bw_total::total            59341184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls9.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl2      3589568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           3589568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl2      3588416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        3588416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl2        56087                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              56087                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl2        56069                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             56069                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl2     27489997                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total             27489997                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl2     27481175                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            27481175                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl2     54971173                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            54971173                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl3      3622336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           3622336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl3      3621440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        3621440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl3        56599                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              56599                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl3        56585                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             56585                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl3     27740945                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             27740945                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl3     27734083                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            27734083                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl3     55475028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            55475028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl0      3817536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           3817536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl0      3816448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        3816448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl0        59649                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              59649                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl0        59632                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             59632                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl0     29235845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             29235845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl0     29227513                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            29227513                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl0     58463359                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            58463359                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl1      3622592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           3622592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl1      3621504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        3621504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl1        56603                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              56603                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl1        56586                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             56586                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl1     27742905                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             27742905                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl1     27734573                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            27734573                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl1     55477478                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            55477478                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl6      3696576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total           3696576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl6      3695616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total        3695616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl6        57759                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total              57759                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl6        57744                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total             57744                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl6     28309497                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total             28309497                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl6     28302145                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total            28302145                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl6     56611642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total            56611642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl7      3724160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total           3724160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl7      3723136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total        3723136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl7        58190                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total              58190                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl7        58174                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total             58174                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl7     28520744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total             28520744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl7     28512902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total            28512902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl7     57033645                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total            57033645                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl4      3895040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total           3895040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl4      3894016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total        3894016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl4        60860                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total              60860                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl4        60844                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total             60844                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl4     29829394                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total             29829394                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl4     29821552                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total            29821552                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl4     59650947                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total            59650947                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl5      3674560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total           3674560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl5      3673408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total        3673408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl5        57415                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total              57415                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl5        57397                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total             57397                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl5     28140892                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total             28140892                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl5     28132070                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total            28132070                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl5     56272962                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total            56272962                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 130577240000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
