
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4483420000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  39352                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                4968536                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    71535                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    25.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              179245161                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                      984301                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1789296                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004483                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4483420000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu00.Branches                          134739                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu00.committedInsts                    984301                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                     1789296                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.dtb.rdAccesses                    250436                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu00.dtb.rdMisses                         286                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu00.dtb.wrAccesses                    110078                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu00.dtb.wrMisses                          74                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                   0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu00.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu00.itb.wrAccesses                   1370785                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu00.itb.wrMisses                         314                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction               1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.numCycles                        8966840                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles             8966839.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_reads             751645                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_writes            565669                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts       105060                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses               507328                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                      507328                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads             798441                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes            445736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                     18899                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                 0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses             1449206                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                    1449206                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads           2871661                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes          1099822                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                    250404                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                      360459                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                   110055                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass                8083      0.45%      0.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntAlu                 1189490     66.47%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntMult                   2263      0.13%     67.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntDiv                    4619      0.26%     67.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd                 31578      1.76%     69.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     69.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt                    96      0.01%     69.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     69.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     69.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     69.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     69.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     69.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd                   1982      0.11%     69.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     69.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu                  27896      1.56%     70.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     70.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt                   3876      0.22%     70.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc                 19284      1.08%     72.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     72.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     72.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShift                  646      0.04%     72.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     72.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     72.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     72.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd             81603      4.56%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              5567      0.31%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv              1058      0.06%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult            50915      2.85%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                 133290      7.45%     87.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                 58290      3.26%     90.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemRead            117114      6.54%     97.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemWrite            51765      2.89%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::total                  1789415                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.workload.numSyscalls                  96                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu01.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu01.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu01.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu01.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu01.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu01.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu02.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu02.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu02.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu02.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu02.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu02.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu03.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu03.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu03.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu03.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu03.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu03.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu04.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu04.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu04.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu04.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu04.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu04.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu05.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu05.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu05.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu05.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu05.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu05.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu06.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu06.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu06.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu06.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu06.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu06.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu07.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu07.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu07.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu07.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu07.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu07.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu08.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu08.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu08.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu08.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu08.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu08.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu09.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu09.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu09.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu09.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu09.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu09.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu10.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu10.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu10.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu10.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu10.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu10.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu11.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu11.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu11.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu11.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu11.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu11.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu12.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu12.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu12.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu12.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu12.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu12.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu13.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu13.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu13.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu13.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu13.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu13.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu14.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu14.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu14.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu14.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu14.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu14.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu14.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu15.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu15.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu15.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu15.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu15.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu15.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu15.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.ruby.Directory.incomplete_times_seqr        16403                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean          253                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::gmean   253.000000                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev          nan                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev          nan                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev          nan                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev          nan                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        16404                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean     0.015423                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.975357                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       16403     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        16404                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |         998      6.08%      6.08% |        1116      6.80%     12.89% |        1041      6.35%     19.23% |        1036      6.32%     25.55% |        1138      6.94%     32.49% |        1226      7.47%     39.96% |         860      5.24%     45.20% |        1134      6.91%     52.12% |         847      5.16%     57.28% |         858      5.23%     62.51% |         915      5.58%     68.09% |         933      5.69%     73.77% |         918      5.60%     79.37% |        1587      9.67%     89.05% |         854      5.21%     94.25% |         943      5.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total        16404                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |         998      6.08%      6.08% |        1116      6.80%     12.89% |        1041      6.35%     19.23% |        1036      6.32%     25.55% |        1138      6.94%     32.49% |        1226      7.47%     39.96% |         860      5.24%     45.20% |        1134      6.91%     52.12% |         847      5.16%     57.28% |         858      5.23%     62.51% |         915      5.58%     68.09% |         933      5.69%     73.77% |         918      5.60%     79.37% |        1587      9.67%     89.05% |         854      5.21%     94.25% |         943      5.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total        16404                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |         998      6.08%      6.08% |        1116      6.80%     12.89% |        1041      6.35%     19.23% |        1036      6.32%     25.55% |        1138      6.94%     32.49% |        1226      7.47%     39.96% |         860      5.24%     45.20% |        1134      6.91%     52.12% |         847      5.16%     57.28% |         858      5.23%     62.51% |         915      5.58%     68.09% |         933      5.69%     73.77% |         918      5.60%     79.37% |        1587      9.67%     89.05% |         854      5.21%     94.25% |         943      5.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total        16404                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |         982      6.08%      6.08% |        1100      6.81%     12.89% |        1025      6.35%     19.24% |        1020      6.32%     25.56% |        1122      6.95%     32.51% |        1210      7.49%     40.00% |         844      5.23%     45.23% |        1118      6.92%     52.15% |         830      5.14%     57.29% |         843      5.22%     62.51% |         898      5.56%     68.07% |         918      5.68%     73.76% |         902      5.59%     79.34% |        1571      9.73%     89.07% |         838      5.19%     94.26% |         927      5.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total        16148                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |         982      6.08%      6.08% |        1100      6.81%     12.89% |        1025      6.35%     19.24% |        1020      6.32%     25.56% |        1122      6.95%     32.51% |        1210      7.49%     40.00% |         844      5.23%     45.23% |        1118      6.92%     52.15% |         830      5.14%     57.29% |         843      5.22%     62.51% |         898      5.56%     68.07% |         918      5.68%     73.76% |         902      5.59%     79.34% |        1571      9.73%     89.07% |         838      5.19%     94.26% |         927      5.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total        16148                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |         982      6.08%      6.08% |        1100      6.81%     12.89% |        1025      6.35%     19.24% |        1020      6.32%     25.56% |        1122      6.95%     32.51% |        1210      7.49%     40.00% |         844      5.23%     45.23% |        1118      6.92%     52.15% |         830      5.14%     57.29% |         843      5.22%     62.51% |         898      5.56%     68.07% |         918      5.68%     73.76% |         902      5.59%     79.34% |        1571      9.73%     89.07% |         838      5.19%     94.26% |         927      5.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total        16148                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |         998      6.08%      6.08% |        1116      6.80%     12.89% |        1041      6.35%     19.23% |        1036      6.32%     25.55% |        1138      6.94%     32.49% |        1226      7.47%     39.96% |         860      5.24%     45.20% |        1134      6.91%     52.12% |         847      5.16%     57.28% |         858      5.23%     62.51% |         915      5.58%     68.09% |         933      5.69%     73.77% |         918      5.60%     79.37% |        1587      9.67%     89.05% |         854      5.21%     94.25% |         943      5.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total        16404                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |         982      6.08%      6.08% |        1100      6.81%     12.89% |        1025      6.35%     19.24% |        1020      6.32%     25.56% |        1122      6.95%     32.51% |        1210      7.49%     40.00% |         844      5.23%     45.23% |        1118      6.92%     52.15% |         830      5.14%     57.29% |         843      5.22%     62.51% |         898      5.56%     68.07% |         918      5.68%     73.76% |         902      5.59%     79.34% |        1571      9.73%     89.07% |         838      5.19%     94.26% |         927      5.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total        16148                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5898                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean     0.042896                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.294338                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        5897     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         5898                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1364798                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |     1364798    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1364798                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1370696                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     0.000185                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.216098                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |     1370695    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total      1370696                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5898                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     0.042896                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.294338                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        5897     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         5898                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |       16404    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        16404                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        5898    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         5898                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        7930    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         7930                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        2576    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total         2576                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        2576    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         2576                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       13828    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total        13828                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     1370696    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      1370696                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      249269    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total       249269                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |     1364798    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total      1364798                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      241339    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total       241339                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement |       16148    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement::total        16148                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      108550    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total       108550                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |       16148    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total        16148                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement |       16148    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement::total        16148                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      111126    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total       111126                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |       16148    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total        16148                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         7930                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        7930    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         7930                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       241339                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |      241339    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       241339                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples       249269                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |      249269    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total        249269                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         7930                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |        7930    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         7930                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples           22                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total           22                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples           22                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total           22                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples           22                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total           22                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples           22                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total           22                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          158                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         158    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          158                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples          900                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |         900    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total          900                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples         1058                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |        1058    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total         1058                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples          158                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |         158    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total          158                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2418                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        2418    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         2418                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       107606                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |      107606    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       107606                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples       110024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |      110024    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total        110024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2418                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |        2418    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         2418                      
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  8                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  79                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                  32552                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 49.771934                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                45.445818                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                20.243805                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       10038     30.84%     30.84% |        6366     19.56%     50.39% |           0      0.00%     50.39% |           0      0.00%     50.39% |           0      0.00%     50.39% |        9878     30.35%     80.74% |        6270     19.26%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                    32552                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples         16404                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        29.929651                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       29.763497                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        3.137318                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3252     19.82%     19.82% |        6786     41.37%     61.19% |        5423     33.06%     94.25% |         943      5.75%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total           16404                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         16148                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        69.928784                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       69.858283                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        3.136992                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        9878     61.17%     61.17% |        6270     38.83%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           16148                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000110                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   494.988703                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000221                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 117286.771092                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000221                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.887084                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000111                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.883571                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000441                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.883627                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000123                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   493.932701                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000247                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 118258.259369                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000247                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.542258                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000124                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.538745                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000494                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.538801                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000100                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   498.390068                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000202                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 121464.335095                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000202                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.962361                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000102                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.958848                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000404                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.958904                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000102                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   498.325776                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000206                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 122354.926701                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000206                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.930912                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000104                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.927399                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000412                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.927455                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000101                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   498.256744                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000203                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 120321.001149                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000203                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.901693                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000102                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.898180                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000406                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.898236                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000175                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   498.234495                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000352                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 121186.769643                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000352                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.827197                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000177                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.823684                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000704                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.823739                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   498.183474                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000189                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 122371.073533                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000189                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.626680                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.623167                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000377                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.623223                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000103                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   494.736886                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000209                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 123165.478913                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000209                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.576941                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000105                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.573428                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000417                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.573484                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000114                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   497.944148                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000230                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 119393.883631                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000230                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.991022                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000116                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.987510                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000460                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.987565                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000114                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   497.964723                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000229                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 120243.025686                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000229                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.418357                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000116                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.414844                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000458                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.414900                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000125                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   498.275535                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000252                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 118477.302985                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000252                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.363042                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000127                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.359529                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000504                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.359585                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000135                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   498.409975                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000272                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 119350.708716                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000272                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.497203                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000137                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.493690                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000543                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.493746                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   498.065985                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000190                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 120289.369165                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000190                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.481478                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000096                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.477965                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000380                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.478021                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000125                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   498.024889                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000251                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 121368.991083                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000251                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.946414                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000126                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.942901                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000502                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.942956                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   497.814838                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000187                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 119390.676314                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000187                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.976748                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.973235                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000374                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.973290                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   498.429993                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000190                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 120336.267787                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000190                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.916303                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000096                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.912790                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000379                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.912846                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1714687                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |     1714687    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1714687                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      1731091                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits      1714687                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses        16404                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.forwardToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001801                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.forwardToCache.avg_stall_time 35915.362380                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.193055                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   499.999944                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.328526                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time 45494.641869                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001829                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 16024.385403                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples        1731091                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          0.000146                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         0.192292                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |     1731090    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total          1731091                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        16404                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     0.015423                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.975357                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |       16403     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        16404                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_latency    98.802486                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_network_latency    53.134062                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_queueing_latency    45.668424                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_vnet_latency |         nan                       |         nan                       |   79.004527                       |   38.928784                       |   18.577370                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_vqueue_latency |         nan                       |         nan                       |   90.430623                       |           1                       |           1                      
system.ruby.network.average_hops             2.964610                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_latency   129.410727                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_network_latency    83.662571                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_queueing_latency    45.748157                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_vnet_latency |         nan                       |         nan                       |  118.553207                       |   68.928784                       |   28.929651                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_vqueue_latency |         nan                       |         nan                       |   90.496314                       |           1                       |           1                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.540685                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    0.138615     25.64%     25.64% |    0.104242     19.28%     44.92% |    0.015347      2.84%     47.76% |    0.011853      2.19%     49.95% |    0.098672     18.25%     68.20% |    0.005860      1.08%     69.28% |    0.005847      1.08%     70.36% |    0.005843      1.08%     71.44% |    0.131092     24.25%     95.69% |    0.007783      1.44%     97.13% |    0.007769      1.44%     98.56% |    0.007762      1.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.540685                      
system.ruby.network.ext_in_link_utilization       976560                      
system.ruby.network.ext_out_link_utilization       976560                      
system.ruby.network.flit_network_latency |           0                       |           0                       |    38535880                       |     8172086                       |     5180634                      
system.ruby.network.flit_queueing_latency |           0                       |           0                       |    44109164                       |      209924                       |      278868                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      487768     49.95%     49.95% |      209924     21.50%     71.44% |      278868     28.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total       976560                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      487768     49.95%     49.95% |      209924     21.50%     71.44% |      278868     28.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total       976560                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_utilization      2895120                      
system.ruby.network.packet_network_latency |           0                       |           0                       |     3859144                       |     1113062                       |      474562                      
system.ruby.network.packet_queueing_latency |           0                       |           0                       |     2945836                       |       16148                       |       16404                      
system.ruby.network.packets_injected     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       32552     50.00%     50.00% |       16148     24.80%     74.80% |       16404     25.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.packets_injected::total        65104                      
system.ruby.network.packets_received     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       32552     50.00%     50.00% |       16148     24.80%     74.80% |       16404     25.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.packets_received::total        65104                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       976560                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       976560                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       976560                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_input_arbiter_activity       976564                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_output_arbiter_activity       976560                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads       467009                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes       467009                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity       467009                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_input_arbiter_activity       467009                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_output_arbiter_activity       467009                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads       291198                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes       291198                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity       291198                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_input_arbiter_activity       291203                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_output_arbiter_activity       291198                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads       151181                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes       151181                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity       151181                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_input_arbiter_activity       151181                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_output_arbiter_activity       151181                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads       450151                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes       450151                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity       450151                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_input_arbiter_activity       450153                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_output_arbiter_activity       450151                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads       205307                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes       205307                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity       205307                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_input_arbiter_activity       205307                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_output_arbiter_activity       205307                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads       137441                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes       137441                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity       137441                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_input_arbiter_activity       137446                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_output_arbiter_activity       137441                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       123313                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       123313                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       123313                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_input_arbiter_activity       123313                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_output_arbiter_activity       123313                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       286375                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       286375                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       286375                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_input_arbiter_activity       286383                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_output_arbiter_activity       286375                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads       153392                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes       153392                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity       153392                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_input_arbiter_activity       153392                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_output_arbiter_activity       153392                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads       107533                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes       107533                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity       107533                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_input_arbiter_activity       107543                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_output_arbiter_activity       107533                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads        83548                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes        83548                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity        83548                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_input_arbiter_activity        83548                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_output_arbiter_activity        83548                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads       155496                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes       155496                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity       155496                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_input_arbiter_activity       155502                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_output_arbiter_activity       155496                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads       148234                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes       148234                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity       148234                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_input_arbiter_activity       148234                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_output_arbiter_activity       148234                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads        78842                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes        78842                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity        78842                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_input_arbiter_activity        78848                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_output_arbiter_activity        78842                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads        56100                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes        56100                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity        56100                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_input_arbiter_activity        56100                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_output_arbiter_activity        56100                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples      1731091                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000032                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000022                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.005637                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1731036    100.00%    100.00% |          55      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total      1731091                      
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu14.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu14.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu15.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu15.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu10.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu10.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu11.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu11.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu12.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu12.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu13.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu13.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl14        54656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::total            54656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl14        53632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::total         53632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl14          854                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::total               854                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl14          838                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::total              838                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl14     12190694                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::total            12190694                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl14     11962297                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::total           11962297                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl14     24152990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::total           24152990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.sys_port_proxy.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.int_links19.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links19.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links18.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links18.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links15.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links15.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links14.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links14.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links17.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links17.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links16.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links16.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links11.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links11.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links10.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links10.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links13.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links13.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links12.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links12.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links9.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links9.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links9.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links9.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links8.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links8.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links8.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links8.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links7.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links7.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links7.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links7.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links6.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links6.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links6.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links6.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links5.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links5.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links5.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links5.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links4.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links4.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links4.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links4.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links2.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links2.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links2.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links2.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links1.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links1.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links1.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links1.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers12.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers13.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers14.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers15.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers9.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs8.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs9.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers8.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs10.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs11.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs12.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs13.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs14.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs15.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs16.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs17.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs18.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs19.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links9.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links9.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links8.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links8.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links1.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links1.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links0.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links0.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links3.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links3.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links2.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links2.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links5.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links5.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links4.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links4.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links7.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links7.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links6.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links6.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links46.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links46.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links47.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links47.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links44.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links44.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links45.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links45.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links42.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links42.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links43.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links43.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links40.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links40.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links41.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links41.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links39.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links39.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links38.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links38.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs30.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs31.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links33.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links33.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links32.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links32.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links31.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links31.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links30.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links30.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links37.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links37.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links36.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links36.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links35.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links35.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links34.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links34.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs29.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs28.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs21.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs20.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs23.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs22.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs25.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs24.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs27.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs26.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links28.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links28.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links29.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links29.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links20.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links20.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links21.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links21.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links22.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links22.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links23.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links23.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links24.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links24.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links25.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links25.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links26.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links26.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links27.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links27.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu8.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu8.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu9.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu9.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl10        58560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::total            58560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl10        57472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::total         57472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl10          915                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::total               915                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl10          898                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::total              898                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl10     13061458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::total            13061458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl10     12818786                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::total           12818786                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl10     25880243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::total           25880243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl11        59712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::total            59712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl11        58752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::total         58752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl11          933                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::total               933                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl11          918                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::total              918                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl11     13318404                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::total            13318404                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl11     13104282                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::total           13104282                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl11     26422686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::total           26422686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl12        58752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::total            58752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl12        57728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::total         57728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl12          918                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::total               918                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl12          902                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::total              902                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl12     13104282                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::total            13104282                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl12     12875885                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::total           12875885                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl12     25980167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::total           25980167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl13       101568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::total           101568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl13       100544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::total        100544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl13         1587                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::total              1587                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl13         1571                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::total             1571                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl13     22654135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::total            22654135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl13     22425737                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::total           22425737                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl13     45079872                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::total           45079872                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl15        60352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::total            60352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl15        59328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::total         59328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl15          943                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::total               943                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl15          927                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::total              927                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl15     13461152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::total            13461152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl15     13232755                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::total           13232755                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl15     26693908                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::total           26693908                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls8.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl8        54208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls8.bytes_read::total             54208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls8.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl8        53120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls8.bytes_written::total          53120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls8.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl8          847                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls8.num_reads::total                847                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls8.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl8          830                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls8.num_writes::total               830                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls8.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl8     12090770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls8.bw_read::total             12090770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls8.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl8     11848098                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls8.bw_write::total            11848098                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls8.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl8     23938868                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls8.bw_total::total            23938868                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls8.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls9.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl9        54912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls9.bytes_read::total             54912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls9.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl9        53952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls9.bytes_written::total          53952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls9.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl9          858                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls9.num_reads::total                858                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls9.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl9          843                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls9.num_writes::total               843                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls9.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl9     12247793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls9.bw_read::total             12247793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls9.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl9     12033671                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls9.bw_write::total            12033671                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls9.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl9     24281464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls9.bw_total::total            24281464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls9.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl2        66624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total             66624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl2        65600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total          65600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl2         1041                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total               1041                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl2         1025                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total              1025                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl2     14860084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total             14860084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl2     14631687                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            14631687                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl2     29491772                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            29491772                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl3        66304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total             66304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl3        65280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total          65280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl3         1036                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total               1036                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl3         1020                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total              1020                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl3     14788710                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             14788710                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl3     14560313                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            14560313                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl3     29349024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            29349024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl0        63872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total             63872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl0        62848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          62848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl0          998                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total                998                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl0          982                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total               982                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl0     14246267                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             14246267                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl0     14017870                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            14017870                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl0     28264138                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            28264138                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl1        71424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total             71424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl1        70400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total          70400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl1         1116                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               1116                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl1         1100                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              1100                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl1     15930696                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             15930696                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl1     15702299                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            15702299                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl1     31632994                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            31632994                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl6        55040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total             55040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl6        54016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total          54016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl6          860                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total                860                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl6          844                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total               844                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl6     12276343                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total             12276343                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl6     12047946                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total            12047946                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl6     24324288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total            24324288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl7        72576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total             72576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl7        71552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total          71552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl7         1134                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total               1134                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl7         1118                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total              1118                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl7     16187642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total             16187642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl7     15959245                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total            15959245                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl7     32146888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total            32146888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl4        72832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total             72832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl4        71808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total          71808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl4         1138                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total               1138                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl4         1122                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total              1122                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl4     16244742                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total             16244742                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl4     16016345                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total            16016345                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl4     32261086                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total            32261086                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl5        78464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total             78464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl5        77440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total          77440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl5         1226                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total               1226                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl5         1210                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total              1210                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl5     17500926                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total             17500926                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl5     17272529                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total            17272529                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl5     34773454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total            34773454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4483420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
