
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               961281914500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  81591                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                4988956                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   167829                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                  3937.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              244151092                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   321243778                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     660782119                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.961282                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                961281914500                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu00.Branches                        45626264                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu00.committedInsts                 321243778                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                   660782119                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.dtb.rdAccesses                 127180216                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu00.dtb.rdMisses                        7679                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu00.dtb.wrAccesses                  49148385                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu00.dtb.wrMisses                        1101                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                   0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu00.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu00.itb.wrAccesses                 463653111                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu00.itb.wrMisses                         310                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction               1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.numCycles                     1922563829                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles             1922563828.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_reads          352267490                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_writes         190227038                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts     40530144                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses            246554471                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                   246554471                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads          345174933                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes         201285617                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                   1579045                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                 0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses           550701064                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                  550701064                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads        1162786410                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes        387587260                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                 127180191                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                   176328566                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                 49148375                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass             2046097      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntAlu               370429029     56.06%     56.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntMult                1050043      0.16%     56.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntDiv                11137443      1.69%     58.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd               3143957      0.48%     58.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     58.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt                    96      0.00%     58.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     58.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     58.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     58.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     58.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     58.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd                   2110      0.00%     58.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     58.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu                6241092      0.94%     59.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp                     12      0.00%     59.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt                   3966      0.00%     59.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc                264862      0.04%     59.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     59.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     59.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShift                  914      0.00%     59.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     59.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     59.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     59.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd          44870528      6.79%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     66.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            262286      0.04%     66.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            392960      0.06%     66.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     66.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult         44608768      6.75%     73.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     73.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                1      0.00%     73.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     73.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     73.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     73.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     73.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     73.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     73.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     73.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     73.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     73.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     73.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     73.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     73.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     73.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     73.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead               34183554      5.17%     78.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite               3881714      0.59%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemRead          92996637     14.07%     93.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemWrite         45266661      6.85%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::total                660782730                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.workload.numSyscalls                 270                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu01.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu01.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu01.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu01.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu01.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu01.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu02.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu02.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu02.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu02.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu02.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu02.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu03.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu03.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu03.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu03.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu03.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu03.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu04.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu04.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu04.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu04.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu04.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu04.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu05.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu05.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu05.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu05.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu05.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu05.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu06.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu06.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu06.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu06.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu06.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu06.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu07.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu07.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu07.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu07.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu07.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu07.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu08.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu08.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu08.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu08.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu08.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu08.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu09.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu09.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu09.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu09.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu09.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu09.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu10.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu10.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu10.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu10.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu10.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu10.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu11.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu11.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu11.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu11.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu11.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu11.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu12.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu12.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu12.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu12.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu12.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu12.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu13.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu13.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu13.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu13.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu13.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu13.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu14.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu14.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu14.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu14.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu14.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu14.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu14.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.dtb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu15.dtb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu15.dtb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu15.dtb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu15.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu15.itb.wrAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu15.itb.wrMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu15.op_class::No_OpClass                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatAdd                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCmp                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCvt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMult                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatDiv                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMisc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAlu                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShift                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAes                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IprAccess                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::total                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.ruby.Directory.incomplete_times_seqr      1633243                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean          284                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::gmean   284.000000                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev          nan                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev          nan                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev          nan                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev          nan                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1633244                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean     0.000174                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.222225                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     1633243    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1633244                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |       85855      5.26%      5.26% |       83331      5.10%     10.36% |       90643      5.55%     15.91% |      103366      6.33%     22.24% |       92113      5.64%     27.88% |       96915      5.93%     33.81% |       90888      5.56%     39.38% |      105868      6.48%     45.86% |      110840      6.79%     52.64% |      123425      7.56%     60.20% |      120836      7.40%     67.60% |      123994      7.59%     75.19% |      108059      6.62%     81.81% |       91110      5.58%     87.39% |      102032      6.25%     93.63% |      103969      6.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total      1633244                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |       85855      5.26%      5.26% |       83331      5.10%     10.36% |       90643      5.55%     15.91% |      103366      6.33%     22.24% |       92113      5.64%     27.88% |       96915      5.93%     33.81% |       90888      5.56%     39.38% |      105868      6.48%     45.86% |      110840      6.79%     52.64% |      123425      7.56%     60.20% |      120836      7.40%     67.60% |      123994      7.59%     75.19% |      108059      6.62%     81.81% |       91110      5.58%     87.39% |      102032      6.25%     93.63% |      103969      6.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total      1633244                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       85855      5.26%      5.26% |       83331      5.10%     10.36% |       90643      5.55%     15.91% |      103366      6.33%     22.24% |       92113      5.64%     27.88% |       96915      5.93%     33.81% |       90888      5.56%     39.38% |      105868      6.48%     45.86% |      110840      6.79%     52.64% |      123425      7.56%     60.20% |      120836      7.40%     67.60% |      123994      7.59%     75.19% |      108059      6.62%     81.81% |       91110      5.58%     87.39% |      102032      6.25%     93.63% |      103969      6.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1633244                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |       85840      5.26%      5.26% |       83316      5.10%     10.36% |       90626      5.55%     15.91% |      103349      6.33%     22.24% |       92096      5.64%     27.88% |       96898      5.93%     33.81% |       90873      5.56%     39.38% |      105853      6.48%     45.86% |      110824      6.79%     52.64% |      123411      7.56%     60.20% |      120820      7.40%     67.60% |      123976      7.59%     75.19% |      108039      6.62%     81.81% |       91093      5.58%     87.39% |      102020      6.25%     93.63% |      103954      6.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total      1632988                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       85840      5.26%      5.26% |       83316      5.10%     10.36% |       90626      5.55%     15.91% |      103349      6.33%     22.24% |       92096      5.64%     27.88% |       96898      5.93%     33.81% |       90873      5.56%     39.38% |      105853      6.48%     45.86% |      110824      6.79%     52.64% |      123411      7.56%     60.20% |      120820      7.40%     67.60% |      123976      7.59%     75.19% |      108039      6.62%     81.81% |       91093      5.58%     87.39% |      102020      6.25%     93.63% |      103954      6.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1632988                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       85840      5.26%      5.26% |       83316      5.10%     10.36% |       90626      5.55%     15.91% |      103349      6.33%     22.24% |       92096      5.64%     27.88% |       96898      5.93%     33.81% |       90873      5.56%     39.38% |      105853      6.48%     45.86% |      110824      6.79%     52.64% |      123411      7.56%     60.20% |      120820      7.40%     67.60% |      123976      7.59%     75.19% |      108039      6.62%     81.81% |       91093      5.58%     87.39% |      102020      6.25%     93.63% |      103954      6.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1632988                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       85855      5.26%      5.26% |       83331      5.10%     10.36% |       90643      5.55%     15.91% |      103366      6.33%     22.24% |       92113      5.64%     27.88% |       96915      5.93%     33.81% |       90888      5.56%     39.38% |      105868      6.48%     45.86% |      110840      6.79%     52.64% |      123425      7.56%     60.20% |      120836      7.40%     67.60% |      123994      7.59%     75.19% |      108059      6.62%     81.81% |       91110      5.58%     87.39% |      102032      6.25%     93.63% |      103969      6.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1633244                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |       85840      5.26%      5.26% |       83316      5.10%     10.36% |       90626      5.55%     15.91% |      103349      6.33%     22.24% |       92096      5.64%     27.88% |       96898      5.93%     33.81% |       90873      5.56%     39.38% |      105853      6.48%     45.86% |      110824      6.79%     52.64% |      123411      7.56%     60.20% |      120820      7.40%     67.60% |      123976      7.59%     75.19% |      108039      6.62%     81.81% |       91093      5.58%     87.39% |      102020      6.25%     93.63% |      103954      6.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total      1632988                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       135809                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean     0.002091                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.770644                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      135808    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       135809                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    463517214                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |   463517214    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    463517214                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    463653023                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     0.000001                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.013189                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   463653022    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    463653023                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       135809                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     0.002091                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.770644                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      135808    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       135809                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |     1633244    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total      1633244                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      135809    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       135809                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |     1460285    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      1460285                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       37150    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total        37150                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |       37150    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total        37150                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |     1596094    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      1596094                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |   463653023    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    463653023                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |   126603371    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    126603371                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |   463517214    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total    463517214                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |   125143086    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    125143086                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement |     1632988    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement::total      1632988                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    49687469    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     49687469                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |     1632988    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total      1632988                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement |     1632988    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement::total      1632988                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    49724619    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     49724619                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |     1632988    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      1632988                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1460285                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     1460285    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1460285                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    125143086                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |   125143086    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    125143086                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    126603371                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   126603371    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     126603371                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1460285                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     1460285    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1460285                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples          146                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |         146    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total          146                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples          146                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |         146    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total          146                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples          146                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |         146    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total          146                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples          146                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |         146    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total          146                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          182                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         182    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          182                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       576435                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |      576435    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       576435                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       576617                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      576617    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       576617                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples          182                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |         182    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total          182                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        36968                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       36968    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        36968                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     49110742                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |    49110742    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     49110742                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     49147710                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    49147710    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      49147710                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        36968                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |       36968    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        36968                      
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                 16                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                 159                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                3266232                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 65.731628                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                58.628908                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                29.640626                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       85855      2.63%      2.63% |     1547389     47.38%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |      985272     30.17%     80.17% |      647716     19.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  3266232                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       1633244                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        36.253634                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       36.123075                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        3.061993                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       85855      5.26%      5.26% |     1217394     74.54%     79.80% |      329995     20.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         1633244                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       1632988                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        95.214243                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       95.163821                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        3.095217                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      985272     60.34%     60.34% |      647716     39.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         1632988                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.973674                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000089                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 128561.813011                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000089                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.999410                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000045                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.999394                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000178                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.999394                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000043                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.967992                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000087                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 132517.507633                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000087                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.997633                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000043                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.997616                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000173                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.997617                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000063                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.991682                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000126                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 136339.817813                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000126                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.999802                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000063                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.999785                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000251                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.999786                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000064                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.991343                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000129                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 136857.228338                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000129                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.999639                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000064                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.999623                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000258                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.999623                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000056                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.990976                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000112                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 135385.636111                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000112                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.999487                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000056                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.999470                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000225                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.999470                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.990858                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 140180.913390                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.999099                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.999082                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000189                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.999083                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000053                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.990589                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000106                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 139449.576618                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000106                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.998067                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000053                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.998051                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000212                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.998051                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000054                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.972294                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000108                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 137991.152195                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000108                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.997811                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000054                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.997794                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000216                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.997795                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.989329                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 136833.054465                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.999952                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.999935                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000188                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.999936                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000054                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.989439                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000108                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 136166.729317                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000108                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.996990                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000054                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.996974                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000215                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.996974                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000048                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.991078                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000096                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 131386.792037                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000096                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.996708                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000048                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.996692                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000191                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.996692                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000050                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.991789                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000101                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 135009.276397                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000101                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.997399                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000050                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.997382                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000201                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.997382                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.989965                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 137653.345333                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.997317                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000047                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.997301                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000189                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.997301                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000055                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.989751                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000110                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 135994.007174                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000110                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.999719                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000055                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.999703                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000220                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.999703                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.988650                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000115                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 131988.198178                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000115                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.999877                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.999861                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000230                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.999861                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.forwardFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000064                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.forwardFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.991897                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000128                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.requestToDir.avg_stall_time 135110.888006                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.requestToMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000128                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.requestToMemory.avg_stall_time   499.999563                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000064                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.999546                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000257                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.999547                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    638347769                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |   638347769    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    638347769                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses    639981013                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits    638347769                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses      1633244                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.forwardToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000849                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.forwardToCache.avg_stall_time 48799.407818                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.332879                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   500.000000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.153750                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time 45499.551966                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000850                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToCache.avg_stall_time 19342.763285                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      639981013                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          0.000000                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         0.011226                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   639981012    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        639981013                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1633244                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     0.000174                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.222225                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     1633243    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1633244                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_latency   115.658402                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_network_latency    69.933768                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_queueing_latency    45.724634                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_vnet_latency |         nan                       |         nan                       |  104.460503                       |   51.714243                       |   22.067846                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_vqueue_latency |         nan                       |         nan                       |   90.449968                       |           1                       |           1                      
system.ruby.network.average_hops             3.107111                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_latency   156.470456                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_network_latency   110.720476                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_queueing_latency    45.749980                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_vnet_latency |         nan                       |         nan                       |  156.709324                       |   94.214243                       |   35.253634                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_vqueue_latency |         nan                       |         nan                       |   90.499961                       |           1                       |           1                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.347058                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    0.107126     30.87%     30.87% |    0.049412     14.24%     45.10% |    0.009344      2.69%     47.80% |    0.007645      2.20%     50.00% |    0.066615     19.19%     69.19% |    0.003822      1.10%     70.30% |    0.003822      1.10%     71.40% |    0.003822      1.10%     72.50% |    0.081431     23.46%     95.96% |    0.004672      1.35%     97.31% |    0.004672      1.35%     98.65% |    0.004672      1.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.347058                      
system.ruby.network.ext_in_link_utilization    130649280                      
system.ruby.network.ext_out_link_utilization    130649280                      
system.ruby.network.flit_network_latency |           0                       |           0                       |  6823791296                       |  1520077284                       |   792927886                      
system.ruby.network.flit_queueing_latency |           0                       |           0                       |  5908565304                       |    29393784                       |    35931368                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    65324128     50.00%     50.00% |    29393784     22.50%     72.50% |    35931368     27.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total    130649280                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    65324128     50.00%     50.00% |    29393784     22.50%     72.50% |    35931368     27.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total    130649280                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_utilization    405941840                      
system.ruby.network.packet_network_latency |           0                       |           0                       |   511849008                       |   153850728                       |    57577786                      
system.ruby.network.packet_queueing_latency |           0                       |           0                       |   295593868                       |     1632988                       |     1633244                      
system.ruby.network.packets_injected     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3266232     50.00%     50.00% |     1632988     25.00%     75.00% |     1633244     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.packets_injected::total      6532464                      
system.ruby.network.packets_received     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3266232     50.00%     50.00% |     1632988     25.00%     75.00% |     1633244     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.packets_received::total      6532464                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads    130649280                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes    130649280                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity    130649280                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_input_arbiter_activity    130679351                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_output_arbiter_activity    130649280                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads     60543662                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes     60543662                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity     60543662                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_input_arbiter_activity     60569200                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_output_arbiter_activity     60543662                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads     41420838                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes     41420838                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity     41420838                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_input_arbiter_activity     41434640                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_output_arbiter_activity     41420838                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads     21620784                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes     21620784                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity     21620784                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_input_arbiter_activity     21620784                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_output_arbiter_activity     21620784                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads     63237818                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes     63237818                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity     63237818                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_input_arbiter_activity     63273724                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_output_arbiter_activity     63237818                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads     24202938                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes     24202938                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity     24202938                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_input_arbiter_activity     24235489                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_output_arbiter_activity     24202938                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads     20418994                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes     20418994                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity     20418994                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_input_arbiter_activity     20432723                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_output_arbiter_activity     20418994                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads     17586634                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes     17586634                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity     17586634                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_input_arbiter_activity     17586634                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_output_arbiter_activity     17586634                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads     44123464                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes     44123464                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity     44123464                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_input_arbiter_activity     44168951                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_output_arbiter_activity     44123464                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads     23310054                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes     23310054                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity     23310054                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_input_arbiter_activity     23352211                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_output_arbiter_activity     23310054                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads     18706692                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes     18706692                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity     18706692                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_input_arbiter_activity     18728427                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_output_arbiter_activity     18706692                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     14077230                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     14077230                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     14077230                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_input_arbiter_activity     14077230                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_output_arbiter_activity     14077230                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads     20527568                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes     20527568                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity     20527568                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_input_arbiter_activity     20567932                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_output_arbiter_activity     20527568                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads     15527674                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes     15527674                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity     15527674                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_input_arbiter_activity     15547120                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_output_arbiter_activity     15527674                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads     12320570                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes     12320570                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity     12320570                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_input_arbiter_activity     12328897                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_output_arbiter_activity     12320570                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      8316920                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      8316920                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      8316920                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_input_arbiter_activity      8316920                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_output_arbiter_activity      8316920                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    639981013                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000234                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   639980978    100.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    639981013                      
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu14.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu14.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu15.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu15.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu10.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu10.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu11.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu11.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu12.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu12.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu13.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.power_state.numTransitions             1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu13.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl14      6530048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::total          6530048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl14      6529280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::total       6529280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl14       102032                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::total            102032                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl14       102020                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::total           102020                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl14      6793062                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::total             6793062                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl14      6792263                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::total            6792263                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl14     13585326                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::total           13585326                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.sys_port_proxy.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.sequencer.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.int_links19.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links19.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links18.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links18.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links15.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links15.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links14.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links14.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links17.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links17.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links16.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links16.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links11.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links11.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links10.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links10.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links13.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links13.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links12.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links12.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links9.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links9.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links9.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links9.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links8.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links8.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links8.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links8.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links7.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links7.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links7.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links7.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links6.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links6.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links6.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links6.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links5.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links5.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links5.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links5.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links4.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links4.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links4.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links4.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links3.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links2.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links2.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links2.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links2.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links1.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links1.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links1.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links1.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links0.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers12.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers13.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers14.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers15.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers9.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs8.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs9.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers8.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs10.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs11.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs12.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs13.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs14.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs15.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs16.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs17.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs18.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs19.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links9.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links9.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links8.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links8.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links1.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links1.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links0.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links0.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links3.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links3.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links2.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links2.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links5.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links5.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links4.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links4.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links7.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links7.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links6.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links6.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links46.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links46.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links47.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links47.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links44.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links44.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links45.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links45.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links42.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links42.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links43.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links43.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links40.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links40.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links41.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links41.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links39.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links39.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links38.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links38.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs30.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs31.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links33.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links33.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links32.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links32.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links31.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links31.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links30.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links30.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links37.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links37.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links36.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links36.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links35.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links35.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links34.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links34.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs29.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs28.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs21.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs20.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs23.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs22.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs25.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs24.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs27.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs26.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links28.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links28.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links29.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links29.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links20.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links20.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links21.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links21.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links22.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links22.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links23.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links23.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links24.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links24.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links25.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links25.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links26.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links26.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links27.credit_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links27.network_link.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.credit_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.credit_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.network_links1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.network_links0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu8.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu8.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu9.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu9.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.power_state.numTransitions              1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl10      7733504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::total          7733504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl10      7732480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::total       7732480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl10       120836                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::total            120836                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl10       120820                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::total           120820                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl10      8044991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::total             8044991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl10      8043925                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::total            8043925                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl10     16088916                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::total           16088916                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl11      7935616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::total          7935616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl11      7934464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::total       7934464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl11       123994                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::total            123994                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl11       123976                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::total           123976                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl11      8255243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::total             8255243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl11      8254045                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::total            8254045                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl11     16509288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::total           16509288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl12      6915776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::total          6915776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl12      6914496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::total       6914496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl12       108059                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::total            108059                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl12       108039                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::total           108039                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl12      7194327                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::total             7194327                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl12      7192995                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::total            7192995                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl12     14387322                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::total           14387322                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl13      5831040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::total          5831040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl13      5829952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::total       5829952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl13        91110                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::total             91110                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl13        91093                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::total            91093                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl13      6065900                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::total             6065900                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl13      6064768                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::total            6064768                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl13     12130668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::total           12130668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl15      6654016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::total          6654016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl15      6653056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::total       6653056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl15       103969                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::total            103969                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl15       103954                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::total           103954                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl15      6922023                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::total             6922023                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl15      6921025                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::total            6921025                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl15     13843048                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::total           13843048                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls8.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl8      7093760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls8.bytes_read::total           7093760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls8.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl8      7092736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls8.bytes_written::total        7092736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls8.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl8       110840                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls8.num_reads::total             110840                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls8.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl8       110824                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls8.num_writes::total            110824                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls8.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl8      7379479                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls8.bw_read::total              7379479                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls8.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl8      7378414                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls8.bw_write::total             7378414                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls8.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl8     14757893                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls8.bw_total::total            14757893                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls8.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls9.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl9      7899200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls9.bytes_read::total           7899200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls9.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl9      7898304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls9.bytes_written::total        7898304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls9.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl9       123425                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls9.num_reads::total             123425                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls9.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl9       123411                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls9.num_writes::total            123411                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls9.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl9      8217360                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls9.bw_read::total              8217360                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls9.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl9      8216428                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls9.bw_write::total             8216428                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls9.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl9     16433789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls9.bw_total::total            16433789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls9.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl2      5801152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           5801152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl2      5800064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        5800064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl2        90643                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              90643                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl2        90626                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             90626                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl2      6034808                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total              6034808                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl2      6033676                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total             6033676                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl2     12068485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            12068485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl3      6615424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           6615424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl3      6614336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        6614336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl3       103366                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             103366                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl3       103349                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            103349                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl3      6881877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total              6881877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl3      6880745                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total             6880745                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl3     13762622                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            13762622                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl0      5494720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           5494720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl0      5493760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        5493760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl0        85855                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              85855                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl0        85840                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             85840                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl0      5716034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              5716034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl0      5715035                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             5715035                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl0     11431069                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            11431069                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl1      5333184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           5333184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl1      5332224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        5332224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl1        83331                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              83331                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl1        83316                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             83316                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl1      5547992                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              5547992                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl1      5546993                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             5546993                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl1     11094985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            11094985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl6      5816832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total           5816832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl6      5815872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total        5815872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl6        90888                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total              90888                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl6        90873                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total             90873                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl6      6051120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total              6051120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl6      6050121                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total             6050121                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl6     12101241                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total            12101241                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl7      6775552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total           6775552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl7      6774592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total        6774592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl7       105868                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total             105868                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl7       105853                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total            105853                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl7      7048455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total              7048455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl7      7047456                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total             7047456                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl7     14095911                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total            14095911                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl4      5895232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total           5895232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl4      5894144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total        5894144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl4        92113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total              92113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl4        92096                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total             92096                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl4      6132678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total              6132678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl4      6131546                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total             6131546                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl4     12264223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total            12264223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl5      6202560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total           6202560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl5      6201472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total        6201472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl5        96915                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total              96915                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl5        96898                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total             96898                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl5      6452384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total              6452384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl5      6451252                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total             6451252                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl5     12903636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total            12903636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 961281914500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
